at that time Michael shall stand up the
Great Prince who stands watch over the
sons of your people and there shall be a
time of trouble such as never was since
there was a nation even to that time and
at that time your people shall be
delivered every one who is found written
in the book and many of those who sleep
in the dust of the earth shall awake
some to everlasting life
some to shame and everlasting contempt
those who are wise shall shine like the
brightness of the firmament and those
who turn many to righteousness like the
Stars forever and ever
but you Daniel shut up the words and
seal the book until the time of the end
many shall run to and fro and knowledge
shall increase then I Daniel looked and
there stood two others one on this
riverbank and the other on that
riverbank and one said to the man
clothed in linen who was above the
waters of the river how long shall the
fulfillment of these wonders be then I
heard the man clothed in linen who was
above the waters of the river when he
held up his right hand and his left hand
to heaven and swore by him who lives
forever that it shall be for a time
times and half a time
and when the power of the holy people
has been completely shattered all these
things shall be finished although I
heard I did not understand then I said
my lord what shall be the end of these
things go your way Daniel for the words
are closed up and sealed to the time of
the end many shall be purified made
white and refined but the wicked shall
do wickedly and none of the wicked shall
understand but the wise shall understand
and from the time that the daily
sacrifice is taken away and the
abomination of desolation is set up
there shall be 1290 days blessed is he
who waits and comes to the 1,335 days
but you go your way
till the end for you shall rest and will
arise to your inheritance at the end of
the days
[Music]
you